[Music] let's
see utbh has messed with Dallas hard
okay he has messed with Dallas
apparently very hard utbh look at me I was
thinking I was thinking that they had
ended well at what moment Dallas and
utbh got along badly utbh
strongly criticizes Dallas
review He says that how right he can go around
criticizing and mocking everyone who has been
doing it For the last few
years in an ugn way how does he have the
balls to start what he started with czu
what's wrong with Sergio LoL utbh throws him away from
time to time but always
yes I mean but utbh wasn't like on
his side utbh defends him tooth and nail
cocu No yeah let's
see I'll send you
Later I'll send you and I'll explain it to you well Yes he
defends cocu Javi But how is he going to
defend cocu lately we're
lost Jai including me Let's see it's that I don't
watch ut's videos But not for nothing
but because you see you do it live
we do a lot of work and many things we didn't
see it here we saw it here no yeah  let's see
wait I'm giving a B of the
host
of the review t is that
this gentleman always appears there man always appears
man
if it is elan pes Javi you commented here
in a live he says that it is not that much
host it sounds to me now that you are
saying like he said that well it
was one but Ah but I did not remember that it
was utbh I have always had in mind that
of the millor but of utbh I have not
realized I
internet be I have to say that it would be very
dirty of r did you talk to David
Santos about the subject Yeah but no
I did not have it in mind I swear let's go that
right now I am getting caught
imo because I did not have it in mind but
how is he going to defend coku But how is he going to
defend cocu since he says
lues Javi that video is old we already
discussed it months ago it cannot be
old because it says here about wescol
well let's see he does not tell me no you
why do I not believe you man because how are you going to
defend koku it sounds familiar to me from listening
to Sergio but as if not boycotting the
evening no As you know I mean I'm not going to do the
evening I was going to and it wasn't my fault Something like that
sounds more like Daniel welcome King
very handsome it would be surprising because it's
literally what he's been doing for the
last few years besides in a quite
disgusting way it's worth mocking others eh me
man There's something that surprises me a lot and I'm
going to say it in the review and it's the
fact man how you have the balls
how you you give the review you have the
balls to go around raging at people for
this type of thing I mean how you have the
balls to start what you did with the
cost of setting it up that you did Calling
the eight a rapist to his face this of
all the nonsense that V saying about
everyone Javi yesterday I posted a message
on the chat that was interpreted as hate
for you and your guest It wasn't my
intention and I don't feel like expressing it Oh I don't
remember this King I don't remember okay
But I appreciate the super chat very
handsome let's see I understand that about the
eight you can have your opinion No,
for example, I wouldn't have jumped in no matter
how much they had told me I think
Dallas and already  I explained it one day he
started saying that because he had some
basis to support himself or whatever
then it happened that actually eight of them
reported him an ex we never knew what
happened but me too I would never have started
using those kinds of
terms in the case of eight okay but in
the case of ccu dude I mean Javi You're
too old already totally totally
but to mess it up Lio with cco it
seemed perfect to me Eh To wescol that I don't know that I
know he's a Latin streamer I don't know
what part of Latin America and so on
But that kid was contacting his
ex-girlfriends to see if he could come up with something
that would give him Pia to be able to
call him an abuser and a sexist man
like that okay honey I'll see you later in elec
at the gym today I'll go to the gym
in a while eh I don't know if I'll be
around for long Today I feel like
being at the gym running and such
I'll go at 5 somewhere probably at
4 at 5 but okay But how
long have you been here Today live  you, what you
said is not exactly like that. Likewise,
anyway, even if it were, okay,
us, being dedicated to what we do,
we have every right in the
world and in fact, it seems fine to me that you go
looking for information and
inform yourself. I mean, another thing is that you go in a
sickly way just for one
person and you know what I'm telling you, but that there is
a problem with wcol and wcol
says if you want to know about me, ask
my ex-girlfriends, no, and take d and ask
the ex-girlfriends, but in the case of
wescol, eh, they were girls who
contacted him. another thing is that
then,
eh, another thing is that then they
regulated themselves, they didn't pick up cables, it may
seem to you all the faith that you want,
Victor, but the thing is that it is like that, one thing
is to speak without foundation or not inform yourself
or whatever, I debated with David Santos on the
subject and David Santos, who was also in
favor of coco, no way, no way,
refresh my memory, places, I mean, but
this is not current, you are telling me, I
remember that I had a debate with
David Santo and  that I had these
tickets yeah but but but Ah look it's
true it's true yes look and Dalas
responded Uy I'm terrible I'm screwed I
mean I'm really screwed I saw this on my live
even Dallas responds to him David
Santos was against cocu another one
well it looks good no no I wouldn't call it
well it stays as such because I don't think it has to be on
good terms with anyone I
imagine that it will be the opinion that he has
but No I simply don't share it and I don't
understand it I mean but this is not new
So even a tweet from D
answering him I'm screwed eh luare don't
ever leave here eh don't ever leave
I don't remember it's just that
many hours a day no kidding
Javi you have to see that thing about
memory loss I've thought about it many times my
memory goes away many times but of course
watching three channels each with a
theme and so many hours Javi is already
live let's see what I see it seems
outrageous that I haven't remembered that it
seems outrageous to me eh that cl
from today is telling me
Karime licis Look it doesn't matter later  I see it
be what kind of shitty guy What kind
of mean person do you have to be a
bastard to go around calling so good and your
collapses are a gem Thanks for the
entertainment and I can't wait Javi
de la selva x cure W I don't know where I got myself into I've already
backed off I've already backed off I've already backed off [ __ ]
heavy guy
no kina you have to be a bastard to go around
calling and contacting the exes of
a guy with whom you have a bf or
want to have a bf for the truth it's
true that your ex hit you and the exes
apparently were telling him no And then
since the exes were telling him no
he started messing with the exes Sergio my
God it seems like Fernanda That's
not how Sergio is I mean I would understand
this opinion based on a fact like that
but that's not how it is churra I mean
the D it's not that he was contacting the
exes and since the exes were telling him no
Then he got angry let's see the
issue of the exes if I don't
forget also okay If I don't forget
also the issue of the exes it was an era
Aida Victoria Merlano okay she's the
daughter of a corrupt politician who
started messing with Dallas calling him
sexist when later she defends the WSC
well the fact is that right now she's his
girlfriend again It's that in fact right now she
's his girlfriend again and to bad the
aunt in a debate with Dallas right to her
face uh she told him that yes that she was a
hypocrite and that the people she
loved, well, no eh And then the other thing
that happened was not talking to an ex well there
was an ex with whom she spoke I don't
remember if she referred to that but the
last thing was a friend of an ex to whom
she had said I don't know what she had
said I don't know how much the friend let her
tongue go she told Dallas and then the
other one picked up the cable because of course she has
a lot of followers from the WSC and
whatever but it's
different around here No honey Shut up We
have to talk Freedom Freedom dude you don't
talk enough like me to have
affection please That's it they are not
healthy psychopathies they are healthy psychopathies
guys she's good people I didn't want to
get involved it seems  Fernanda please
Sergio it's true Sergio then you had a
bad time man then you had a bad time and then you couldn't
stand the subject which I also
understand but don't get involved in let's see
Dallas is not going to respond to utbh I think
as to mess with him in videos and such I do
n't know if he would do it without a filter
but maybe in some video you
know but I didn't remember dude that they had
already hooked up I didn't remember
that they had already hooked up you be
but This is another cli it's not the same and
the D told him you piece of filthy rat
minimizing the act of the abuser of koku
man and at what moment did this break be
at what moment did
this break be utbh he didn't have like some videos
defending what he left you stranded in the
trial Javi yes totally but I
imagine it was because he tried to
disassociate himself from that
thing but
what is what what
happened now he threw a
video at him aichu and he also threw it at Dallas I
mean utbh has thrown a video at Win
michu now also let's see  it's not
incompatible you might dislike dasas and
you might dislike Win michu
Also well based on the video Ah
But we saw this and we commented on it on
Twitter This was a video that
apparently got a lot of views that the
equality expert made to
wimu's girlfriend but not being a girlfriend not 3
million years ago and it's still possible that they
could hook him well no he shouldn't
be
named there's a lot of fear in general of
that guy let's see honey you have to understand
that dasas doesn't work in a
more opportunistic way than this I mean It's not that
I'm going to say this and I'm going to say
Ah now I'm going to make a video for you what
someone like that would normally do is wait for
me to have some kind of controversy something like that so that
for this new video to go
viral I am a friend of tvh but you do it
for the bits no let's see if I also have
nothing especially against the
review But the only thing I want to say
is that [ __ ] nothing I have nothing against
him eh Richard a kiss is someone
dude who does things that were done to him
in the past and that hurt him a lot
and they are not done to him by the same
people that  they did it to him he
does it at his discretion to the rest and the whole uncle uncle
thing please let's see if he
goes too far okay And yes in
some occasions I would hold back
okay but in many it is justified, I
mean eh For example in the case of that
ccu thing there I don't mean there is no
but to put there is no
argument to turn around I mean and he
made it super easy either way he didn't do it to
the people who did it to him if
Ivai is involved and now Ivai who
in the past participated very actively
in pulling the Dallas okay And I have a
video there about look you no and
IB himself talks to me and he is not angry with me
as far as I know no but I have a
video where I see all the things well
even that Dallas did not find everything that he was
going to I had told him
but but in the case of c such in the case
yes that yes there are times that maybe
for me it is too hasty when it comes to
attacking someone with whom I have something or
with whom you know but precisely the
cases that you have commented
are not by  please And on top of that he does it without having a
valid resume barja Thanks for
subscribing And on top of that you do it without having a
valid resume for a debate with we could
do it What has
this clip referred to quite strongly what do
you
think noene [ __ ] I don't know I think
that let's see I don't know I think that he has
lacked information on some things eh
[Music]
phew